README.md, before:

# School Attendance System
This is a 10-part code-along project to build a console-based school attendance system in Java.

## Session 1: Introduction and Orientation
- Verified Java and Git setup.
- Initialized Git repository for the project.
- Created basic project structure with Main.java.
- Compiled and ran the initial "Welcome" program.
- Pushed initial setup to a part-01 branch on GitHub and created a PR.

### How to Run
1. Navigate to the project root directory (AttendanceSystem).
2. Compile: javac src/com/school/Main.java
3. Run: java -cp src com.school.Main

## Session 2: Core Domain Modelling
- Defined `Student` class with `studentId`, `name`, `setDetails()`, and `displayDetails()` method.
- Defined `Course` class with `courseId`, `courseName`, `setDetails()`, and `displayDetails()` method.
- Utilized arrays of objects in `Main.java` to manage and display multiple students and courses.
- Introduced basic usage of `this` keyword.

### How to Run
1. Navigate to the project root directory.
2. Compile: `javac src/com/school/Student.java src/com/school/Course.java src/com/school/Main.java` (or `javac src/com/school/*.java`)
3. Run: `java -cp src com.school.Main`

## Part 3: Constructor Initialization & Auto-ID Generation
- Implemented parameterized constructors in `Student` and `Course` classes for object initialization.
- Utilized `private static` member variables for automatic and unique ID generation.
- Demonstrated the use of the `this` keyword to distinguish instance variables from constructor parameters.
- Changed `Course`'s `courseId` to `int` for simpler auto-generation and updated its display.
- Updated `Main.java` to use constructors and show ID progression.

### How to Run (ensure this is up-to-date)
1. Navigate to the project root directory.
2. Compile: `javac src/com/school/Student.java src/com/school/Course.java src/com/school/Main.java` (or `javac src/com/school/*.java`)
3. Run: `java -cp src com.school.Main

Commit message:

feat: Implement encapsulation and basic attendance recording (Part 4)

README.md, after:

# School Attendance System
This is a 10-part code-along project to build a console-based school attendance system in Java.

## Session 1: Introduction and Orientation
- Verified Java and Git setup.
- Initialized Git repository for the project.
- Created basic project structure with Main.java.
- Compiled and ran the initial "Welcome" program.
- Pushed initial setup to a part-01 branch on GitHub and created a PR.

### How to Run
1. Navigate to the project root directory (AttendanceSystem).
2. Compile: javac src/com/school/Main.java
3. Run: java -cp src com.school.Main

## Session 2: Core Domain Modelling
- Defined `Student` class with `studentId`, `name`, `setDetails()`, and `displayDetails()` method.
- Defined `Course` class with `courseId`, `courseName`, `setDetails()`, and `displayDetails()` method.
- Utilized arrays of objects in `Main.java` to manage and display multiple students and courses.
- Introduced basic usage of `this` keyword.

### How to Run
1. Navigate to the project root directory.
2. Compile: `javac src/com/school/Student.java src/com/school/Course.java src/com/school/Main.java` (or `javac src/com/school/*.java`)
3. Run: `java -cp src com.school.Main`

## Part 3: Constructor Initialization & Auto-ID Generation
- Implemented parameterized constructors in `Student` and `Course` classes for object initialization.
- Utilized `private static` member variables for automatic and unique ID generation.
- Demonstrated the use of the `this` keyword to distinguish instance variables from constructor parameters.
- Changed `Course`'s `courseId` to `int` for simpler auto-generation and updated its display.
- Updated `Main.java` to use constructors and show ID progression.

## Part 4: Data Encapsulation & Attendance Recording Validation
- Applied encapsulation to `Student` and `Course` classes by making fields `private` and adding public `getters`.
- Introduced a new `AttendanceRecord` class with `private` fields, a constructor, and `getters` to store attendance data.
- Implemented basic validation in the `AttendanceRecord` constructor for the attendance status (allowing only "Present" or "Absent").
- Used an `ArrayList` in `Main.java` to store and display `AttendanceRecord` objects.
- Demonstrated retrieving IDs using getters (e.g., `student1.getStudentId()`) when creating records.


### How to Run (ensure this is up-to-date)
1. Navigate to the project root directory.
2. Compile: `javac src/com/school/Student.java src/com/school/Course.java src/com/school/Main.java` (or `javac src/com/school/*.java`)
3. Run: `java -cp src com.school.Main
